According to Stop Acid Attacks, a non-profit group , there are 250 to 300 acid attacks reported in India every year, despite laws restricting the sale of acid or other deadly chemicals. Acid attack is a horrific crime but it didn’t get much attention like rape cases .There are NGOs and different organisations who works for acid attack victims but these organisation comes into play after the crime so there is not much work going on how can we stop or at least reduce acid attack.
And in these crimes social media platforms like Facebook and twitter play a crucial role from stalking a girl to commenting threat comments all these things happen on social media, here we will only focus on microblogging website Twitter. Till date not very effective work was done specially focusing on acid attacks and how can we trace stalker through social platforms. There is a research paper on [Role of Social Media in Showcasing Woman Atrocities](http://amity.edu/UserFiles/asco/journal/ISSUE27_4.%20Tanusree.pdf) from Amity University which correctly shows how to use social media for women injustice, crimes and atrocities.
Efforts are being made to analyse rape threat comments and other kinds of threats using tweets and perform sentiment analysis.
Like, a paper [On the early detection of threats in the real world based on open-source information on the internet](https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/9dcc/7bb08e46f3d4ffe7025b76f55d1a702f1a94.pdf) in this paper a novel method to automatically monitor trends and detect abnormal behavior on Twitter or other social media. Specifically, it proposes a profiling system based on the analysis of a number of features, such as activity, sentiment, threat, demonstration, and grammatical tense.
There are various research papers on sentiment analysis of twitter data for threats, suicidal ideation in tweets([computational approach](http://www.aclweb.org/anthology/P18-3013)) but none of the papers focuses on Acid Attack threat tweets.So, there are much needed work to be done in this field, we can analyse tweets and comments with certain keywords related to acid attack threats. After that, we can apply sentiment analysis on theses tweets and make a model which will help us in analysing other tweets whether it's a threat or a news or some other type which is not at all related to acid attack threat.
